protests are taking place in Jerusalem
outside offices of the UN relief Agency
for Palestinians anra dozens of Israelis
are demanding the return of hostages and
are accusing anra of involvement in the
hamas-led terror attacks on October the
7th now this comes as an independent
review of those charges first leveled in
January by the Israeli government is due
earlier Israel denied anra Chief Philip
lazarini access to Gaza he's warning
that the territory faces a man-made
famine his agency is trying to win back
funding that was suspended by donor
Nations after Israel made those
accusations of anr's
involvement and for more on this I'm
joined Now by DW's Rebecca ritters who's
uh at anra headquarters in Jerusalem uh
re Rebecca there are these protests
underway uh where you are what is it the
people are demanding
exactly well an you can see behind me I
am outside the headquarters and this is
where for the last couple of hours
protests protesters rather have been
Gathering though it's really dwindled
now to just a couple of dozen uh at its
biggest I'd say there were were
certainly less than 100 people here so
it's a relatively small protest much
smaller than protest organizers were
expecting and also the media who here it
sometimes outnumbered the protesters uh
but when you speak to the protesters
they say despite its size they really
are speaking for a broad spectrum of
Israeli society and we have indeed been
hearing horns of of support being honked
as as drivers pass by but that hasn't
really resulted in a huge turnout here
today but these people are calling on
unra to release the hostages as they've
been chanting they say that unra equals
Hamas so they're really putting a lot of
blame into the United Nations
Organization for Palestinian refugees
saying that it is a mindset that they
have been perpetrating that uh or or um
have been allowed to have been
encouraging over the decades that have
really set the mindset for an attack
like October 7 they're placing a lot of
blame they had uh you can possibly see
behind me they have a display here of
body bags and they've created a un
vehicle as though those body bags are
inside the vehicle being taken outside
placing blames fair and square on the
unra organization but as I say it has a
very small protest uh and though uh some
of what these people are saying does
have broad spectrum support it remains
to be seen just how much that is U you
know more of a a widespread opinion here
in Israel so this interim report on the
uh role alleged role of unra in the
October the 7th Terror attacks on Israel
is due to be released can you just tell
us a little bit more about
that yeah this is an independent report
that was commissioned
by the head of unra in fact Philip
Philip lazarini just shortly after those
accusations were made by Israel in late
January that 12 staff members of onra
were involved in these uh in the attack
of October 7 uh the the report was
commissioned and we're expecting the
interim the report today the preliminary
report that isn't expected to be made
public it's just going to be going to
the member states that we can expect
that perhaps some leaks will come out of
uh of the report we hearing some of
what's in it but we can expect to hear
the final report that is going to be
released to the public uh later in uh
sorry next month towards the end of
April now it it was its remit is to look
at the neutrality of unra how they hire
their staff and of course how they
reacted to the accusations uh after they
were revealed at the end of January that
some employees were in fact involved in
the attack so not so much more
information that we're going to be able
to tell you today but hopefully uh in
the next coming in the coming week we'll
have a lot more information about that
independent report Rebecca thanks so
much that's DW's Rebecca RS reporting
from
Jerusalem